Now, again, when Garab Dorje, the master Garab Dorje said, "reflecting the impermanence."
That also means respect and reflect law of the cause and condition and result.
That is everything and what we see. Everything is dependent upon the cause and condition.
It is doing, developing the result. So that means Dzogchen practice should not ignore, in other
words, karma.
Karma, we should respect and observe karma. Karma is the activity of the one's own self.
It is going to reflect. And that is not just the only one we do that is called karma,
but everything what we see in the universal world, in the phenomenal world,
it is absolutely best on the cause and condition and result.
This system is known as another in the Buddha's teaching or the terminology, known as inter
dependent coordination.
Everything is dependent. There is nothing. It is not dependent.
Interdependent means also everything is changing. Everything is moving.
There is nothing one single object existing forever.
It is changing. It is reflecting. Even our self changes so many times.
We went through many different stages, one up and up.
So this law of the karma, the cause and condition,
we are reflecting that to the impermanence that makes us to go to the ground,
go to the earth, our self. And it makes our self very practical.
And also in other words, we will make our self more reasonable, more decent persons
and more average person. Therefore, we should respect and reflect the law of the karma
or the system of interdependent coordination and at the same time reflect to the impermanence.
And the impermanence again is the openness in the teaching set.
When you think of the impermanence, it makes you more reasonable.
It makes again touch to the natural reality of your self.
It makes our self more gentle, more peaceful, more calm,
more appreciated it will bring. It is not just something that we are ignoring,
look, try to kind of ignore the truth. We are looking to the truth as it is.
So therefore, this impermanence reflected is so important.
For that reason, the greatest teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni,
told first time, his first teaching was for noble truth teaching.
All the impermanence caused in the kulayat, that was, and that was in the teaching set.
That is in the lake, the path of place in the dear path.
Dear path, which is according to the Vedic calendar, which is truly the path of place.